1. Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

a.  Making coffee;
    GET empty vessel
    ADD 2/3 cup of milk and 1/3 cup of water to vessel
    PUT vessel on burner
    SET burner to ON
    WHILE not boiling
      stir
    END WHILE
    SET burner to OFF
    ADD 1.5 tsp coffee powder and 1tsp sugar
    SET empty cups
    ADD coffee to empty cups

b.  Washing dishes;
    SET faucet to ON
    WHILE water is coming in faucet and dirty dishes exist
      FOR each dirty dish in the pile
        GET dish
        PUT under water
        PUT soap on dish
        PUT the dish under water to rinse
        MOVE washed dish to drying rack
      END FOR
    END WHILE
    SET faucet to OFF

c. A choice of your own - reheating food in microwave
  SET microwave door to open
  PUT the bowl with food in the microwave
  PUT lid to cover food
  SET time
  SET microwave door to close
  SET microwave to start
  WHILE food is not warm
    SET microwave door to open
    SET time
    SET microwave door to close
    SET microwave to start
  END WHILE
  SET microwave door to open
  SET food ready
  SET microwave door to close

2.  Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful
    * Facebook friend suggestion algorithm - Facebook is well-known for its amazing data mining algorithms and machine
    learning features that it uses to make friend suggestions. It compares all the information you offer
    to suggest you connections, such as people from your high school, from the same living area, your interests,
    mutual friends, etc. In addition to that, Facebook has taken a step ahead in guessing who can become your friend
    from the places you often go, via the concept of suggesting connections based on mutual network connectivity options.

    * Instagram's algorithm - Instagram algorithm dictates the order of the posts that users see when they’re
    scrolling through their feed. It considers numerous factors such as relationship with user, interest the user has
    conveyed, and recency of the post to prioritize posts, pushing the most relevant ones towards the top and
    giving them the most visibility, while other content ends up being placed further down in one's feed.

    * Youtube algorithm for video suggestion - There are six key places where this algorithm impacts by determining the videos
    to show: in search results, the suggested videos stream, on the home page, the trending stream, under the
    viewer’s subscriptions, and through any notifications they have set up. Youtube's ranking algorithm focuses on how the
    audience interacts with videos, using artificial intelligence via audience feedback, which broadly covers - what they
    do (and don’t) watch; how much time they spend watching a video (watch time); how much time they spend watching videos
    during each visit (session time); and likes, dislikes, and ‘not interested’ feedback.

3. Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

* Stable - the algorithm provides stable and consistent output
* Uniqueness - the results of each step are uniquely defined and only depend on the input and the result of preceding steps
* Finiteness - the algorithm stops after the execution of a finite number of instructions
* Eficient - utilizes an efficient approach to solve the problem
